# Complementary scripts for Car Service lab

The goal is to serve the car JSON objects generated by the `generator.py` OR `generator.cpp`.

> Choose one only, if `generator.py` was chosen, there is no need for `generator.cpp`

Instructions for each language are presented below, but what is common, is:

- The generator scripts will create a `queue` folder in the folder they will be executed.
- The generators will be generating car json objects in the queue folder
- The files generated by the generator will have the naming convention of: `Car#.json`, where `#` is the number (id) of the car.
- The program will finish by itself. Both generators have a termination clause, it will run until there's no more cars left, and it will create a finish.json file before exiting.
- `finish.json` will contain data to test with the solution, that, indeed, everything was processed correctly.

*Note: never run unknown scripts strangers hand you on the internet. If you do, look at the source code first.*

## Python script.

For the python script to work, you have to have Python interpreter installed on your system.

If you don't have it yet - go to [https://www.python.org/downloads/][Official Python Download Page].

After installing python on your system, it is as easy as running:

```bash
python3 generator.py
# Or
python3.exe generator.py
```

## C++.

For the C++ script to work, the source code should be compiled to a machine executable file (`.exe` for Windows)

For IDEs: Copy the source code of `generator.cpp` in your IDE, and create an executable from the code, put the compiled program where car objects should be generated.

For CLI users, use a compiler like `g++`, `clang`, `mingw` for windows.

```bash
# Ex: command to create an executable file
g++ generator.cpp -o generator.out

# Run or double click to run the program.
./generator.out

```

